Throw on invalid file (#3203)
realm/realm-core: CHANGELOG.md

# NEXT RELEASE

### Enhancements

> * An exception is thrown when a realm file has invalid top ref.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Instead of asserting, an ??? exception is thrown when a realm file is opened with an invalid top ref.
```

Author: A new commit with this change has been made
